Now we have the idioms, expressions, and
slang, lesson So, the first one is Kicked
the bucket Kicked the bucket Kicked es
patear Kicked, kick, patear Kicked,
pasado, pateó The bucket, bucket es un
balde So, kicked the bucket Significa, se
murió So, kicked the bucket Say with me,
kicked the bucket Pretty good, excellent
Again, kicked the bucket Pretty nice,
example sentence
The last manager kicked the bucket
following an attack Wow Pronto, pronto
Esta es una que vas a escuchar y
significa rápidamente, ok?
Lo que para nosotros en español significa
pronto Es como una palabra que se han
cogido del español para decirla en inglés ¿Listo?
Pronto, rápidamente Look, I just drank my
weight in Sunny D and I gotta go pronto
Look, I just drank my weight in Sunny D
and I gotta go pronto
Now, shut up Shut up Say it with me Shut
up Pretty good, once again Shut up
So, eso es hablar con alguien ¿Sí?
De una manera casual, común, etc.
Amigable Example sentence They sent in
the lady The cleaning lady To chat up The
candidates Ok Next one On the sly On the
sly Say it with me On the sly Pretty
good, excellent
So, it means Secretly Secretamente On the
sly Example sentence To shut up The
candidates On the sly To shut up The
candidates On the sly The sly
Next one Chill encounters Chill
encounters Es similar a encuentros
casuales Pero esta vez es como de
Relajación De una vida más Amigable Ok
So, chill es la palabra más clave aquí
Chill encounters Say it with me Chill
encounters Pretty good, excellent Once
again Chill encounters Pretty nice
Great job
Example sentence The chats Seemed like
Chill encounters Next one Grabbed up
Grabbed up Grabbed up Grabbed up Es
concluir Ok Que concluyó En pasado
Concluyó Grabbed up Grabbed up Presente
Grabbed up Pasado So, after she grabbed
up Her undercover mission After she
grabbed up Her undercover mission After
she grabbed up Her undercover mission Say
it with me Grabbed up Pretty good Once
again Grabbed up Pretty good Next one
Gave her scoop Gave her scoop It means
that she gave her version Or her report
Yo su versión O su infotome Gave Her
scoop Gave her scoop Say it with me Gave
her scoop You Pretty good Nice Once again
Gave her scoop Really good Great So Gave
her scoop The cleaning lady Gave her
scoop The candidates
The candidates Had been assigned As the
new manager They dropped the bomb
Announcing One of the candidates As the
new manager
They dropped the bomb Announcing One of
the new candidates Was the new manager
Pretty good
So that was everything For today And I'll
see you
In the next one One of the candidates A
couple of candidates Is the new manager
I'll see you Is the new manager I'll see
you The new manager